docs: add instruction how to disable gzip compression (#1587)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/Troubleshoot_Collection.md

- `machineconfiguration.openshift.io/currentConfig`
- `machineconfiguration.openshift.io/desiredConfig`
- `machineconfiguration.openshift.io/state`

### Gzip compression errors

> If you can see the following errors from Fluentd pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you observe the following errors from Fluentd pods:
```

```console
2021-01-18 15:47:23 +0000 [warn]: #0 [sumologic.endpoint.logs.gc] failed to flush the buffer. retry_time=3 next_retry_seconds=2021-01-18 15:47:27 +0000 chunk="5b92e97a5ee3cbd7e59859644d9686e3" error_class=Zlib::GzipFile::Error error="not in gzip format"
```

Please see [migration topic on that](./v2_migration_doc.md#gzip-compression-errors).

> If the problem still occures, plesae disable gzip compression for buffer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the problem still occurs, please disable gzip compression for buffer.
```

Add following configuration to your `values.yaml` and upgrade collection:

```yaml
fluentd:
  buffer:
    compress: text
```

After that, please remove Fluentd pods and associated PVC-s.

For example, if the namespace where the collection is installed is `collection`
and the pod that emits the error is named `sumologic-fluentd-logs-1`,
run the following set of commands:

```bash
NAMESPACE_NAME=collection

for POD_NAME in $(kubectl get pods --template '{{range .items}}{{.metadata.name}}{{"\n"}}{{end}}' | grep fluentd); do
  kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE_NAME} delete pvc "buffer-${POD_NAME}" &
  kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE_NAME} delete pod ${POD_NAME}

>   kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE_NAME} delete pod ${POD_NAME}

Reviewer: Why do we need to call this twice?

Author: ```
The duplicated pod deletion command is there to make sure the pod is not stuck in `Pending` state
with event `persistentvolumeclaim "buffer-sumologic-fluentd-logs-1" not found`.
```

Author: looks like race condition. I trust this has been wrote on purpose in first place, also we have explanation below
